Define min. `uv` version (#47237)
mistercrunch/Airflow: dev/breeze/README.md

1. Install `uv` - see [uv documentation](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/getting-started/installation/)

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > 1. `uv`'s version should be at least as defined in `pyproject.toml` under `[tool.uv]` section, otherwise some breeze commands might malfunction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 1. The version of `uv` should be at least as defined in `pyproject.toml` under `[tool.uv]` section, otherwise some breeze commands might malfunction.
```

> > 1. The version of `uv` should be at least as defined in `pyproject.toml` under `[tool.uv]` section, otherwise some breeze commands might malfunction.
> > 2. All the commands below should be executed while you are in `dev/breeze` directory of the Airflow repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>
> 1. The version of `uv` should be at least as defined in `pyproject.toml` under `[tool.uv]` section, otherwise some breeze commands might malfunction.
> 2. All the commands below should be executed while you are in `dev/breeze` directory of the Airflow repository.
>
```

Author: Thanks :)
